Solution from @ye15 https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-compatibility-score-sum/discuss/1360746/Python3-permutations

But I use dp dict instead of python @cache decorator.
It took me a while to understand the solution. So I want to write an explantaion to save some time for other.

First step is easy. Calculate the score for all pairs of student and mentor.

But trying all the permutations is tricky.
Because the total number of students is m. 1 <= m <= 8.
We can use integer instead of bit. Max mask is 1 << 8 == 256

**For example:**

n = 3
Mask 000 means three students are not assigned.
Mask 100 means student 2 is assigned.

So basically assign all possible students to mentor 2 and then mentor 1 and then mentor 0.
Use mask to record the visited concept of DFS.
Use dp to record the calculated result for same input.

**Most tricky parts:**

if not (mask & (1 << i)):
If student i is not assigned.

mask ^ (1<<i)   
Flip the bit to 1. Mark the student assigned.

```python
class Solution:
    def maxCompatibilitySum(self, students: List[List[int]], mentors: List[List[int]]) -> int:
        m = len(students)
        score = [[0] * m for _ in range(m)]
		
		# Calculate the score for all pairs of student and mentor
        for i in range(m): 
            for j in range(m): 
                score[i][j] = sum(x == y for x, y in zip(students[i], mentors[j]))
        
		# Memorize the max result for same input (mask, j)
        dp = {}
		
		# Find all possible student i. Assign student i to mentor j.
		# Mask is used to record assigned students.
        def assign(mask, j): 
			# This if can be removed. Assign function will stop when all students are assigned.
			# But it's easier to understand.
			if j < 0:
				return 0
			# Mask, j calculated. Return the result from dp dict.
            if (mask,j) in dp:
                return dp[(mask,j)]
				
            ans = 0
            for i in range(m): 
				# Find all unassigned students
                if not (mask & (1<<i)): 
					# Flip the unassigned student index to 1 in mask
					# Assign student i to mentor j
                    ans = max(ans, assign(mask ^ (1 << i), j - 1) + score[i][j])
            dp[(mask,j)] = ans        
            return ans 
        
        return assign(0, m-1)
```